chore: Refactor Button to use createComponent (#1017)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/docs/mdx/5.0-MIGRATION-GUIDE.mdx

Due to the infrequent use of our CSS modules, they will be going into maintenance mode in Canvas Kit v5. We will still support `@workday/canvas-kit-css` with bug fixes and significant visual updates, but it generally won't be receiving new components, additional features, etc. This will allow us to provide more focused support, and dedicate our efforts to making bigger and better improvements to our most used components: Canvas Kit React. If you have questions or concerns, please [let us know](https://github.com/Workday/canvas-kit/issues/new?labels=&template=question.md).

> ### Codemod

Author: Codemod is now it's own section with code mod info specific to each breaking change.

We've provided a [new codemod package](./modules/codemod) that you can use to update the majority of these breaking code changes. Simply run:

```sh
> npx @workday/canvas-kit-codemod v5 [path]
```
> Note: This codemod only work on .js, .jsx, .ts, and .tsx extensions. You may need to make some manual changes in other file types (.json, .mdx, .md, etc.).

> Note: You may need to run your linter after executing the codemod, as it's resulting formatting (spacing, quotes, etc.) may not match your project's styling.

> Breaking changes covered by this codemox will be marked with a 🤖.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Breaking changes accounted for by this codemod will be marked with a 🤖.
```

import { Button } from "@workday/canvas-kit-react/button";
```

> This change is covered by the codemod, but doesn't currently run against `package.json` files. Those files will have to be updated manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change is covered by the codemod, but it doesn't currently run on files that don't use the .js, .jsx, .ts, and .tsx extensions. Those files will have to be updated manually.
```

PR:

- https://github.com/Workday/canvas-kit/pull/953

### Button

> - `beta_Button` export was removed.

Reviewer: Shouldn't the codemod handle this too? 🤖

Author: Yes. Definitely. I see 102 instances on GHE alone

Author: All cases I could find looked like:

```tsx
import { beta_Button as Button } from '@workday/canvas-kit-react-button;
```

Author: The previous will now be rewritten as:
```tsx
import { Button } from '@workday/canvas-kit-react-button;
```

Also renaming is supported:
```tsx
// before
import { beta_Button as BetaButton } from '@workday/canvas-kit-react-button';

// after
import { Button as BetaButton } from '@workday/canvas-kit-react-button';
```

- 🤖 The default export was removed. The codemod will change default imports to named imports.
- 🤖 Enums have been removed from all buttons. String literals are used instead. The codemod will write any usages of an enum to the string literal. If you used an enum as a type, the codemod will expand to a union of string literals. You could change the union manually instead to be something like `ButtonProps['variant']` if you prefer not to duplicate the union of string literals.
  ```tsx
  // before
  <Button variant={Button.Variant.Primary} />
  interface Props {
    variant: ButtonVariant
  }
  // after
  <Button variant="primary" />
  interface Props {
    variant: 'primary' | 'secondary'
  }
  ```
- Buttons now use `createComponent` utility from the `common` module which now forwards `ref` and allows `as` to change the underlying element.

>   - 🤖 `buttonRef` was renamed to `ref` provided by `createComponent`. `buttonRef` is no longer valid. The codemod will rewrite all instances of `buttonRef` to `ref`.

Reviewer 2: May be worth a warning/note/blockquote to call out that this could affect other code unintentionally.
